The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .

Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .

What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .

With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .

A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .

Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .

A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .

If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .

Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .

Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days

Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .

Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .

Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .

Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .

Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .

A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .

Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .

Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .

Yet the act is still charming here .

Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .

Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .

Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .

The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .

I loved it !

Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !

If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .

Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .

... a roller-coaster ride of a movie

I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .

Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .

Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .

It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .

A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .

You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .

It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .

Gloriously goofy -LRB- and gory -RRB- midnight movie stuff .

The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .

If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .

As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .

Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .

It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .

It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .

Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .

A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .

Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .

A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .

Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .

This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .

I admired this work a lot .

A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .

Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .

As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .

It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .

A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .

It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .

Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .

With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .

At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .

All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .

Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality -- Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .

This is one of Polanski 's best films .

Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .

Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .

Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances

An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .

His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .

Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .

But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .

Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .

If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .

It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .

A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .

Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .

This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .

It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .

Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .

But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .

An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .

This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .

Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .

... always remains movingly genuine .

Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .

Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .

A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .

If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .

If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .

By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .

Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .

Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .

Go see it and enjoy .

This is how you use special effects .

It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .

This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .

Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .

A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .

Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .

Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .

When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .

The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .

-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .

-LRB- Villeneuve -RRB- seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .

What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .

Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .

This is a very fine movie -- go see it .

As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .

Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .

A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .

Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .

Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .

A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .

This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .

Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .

For all its serious sense of purpose ... -LRB- it -RRB- finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .

A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .

... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '

... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '

A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .

Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .

The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .

A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .

The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .

This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .

Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .

It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .

A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .

We need -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .

Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush !

-LRB- Gai -RRB- comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .

It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .

A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .

It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .

The warm presence of Zhao Benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .

Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .

An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .

As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .

What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .

Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...

Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .

Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...

Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .

It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .

The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .

A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .

What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .

Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .

A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .

A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .

Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .

It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .

But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .

Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .

Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .

The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...

A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .

I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .

It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .

The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .

A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .

The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .

A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '

Andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .

It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .

... an inviting piece of film .

A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out

A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .

Worth the effort to watch .

That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .

Boisterous and daft documentary .

It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .

Witty , touching and well paced .

Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .

You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .

Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests . '

Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .

Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .

The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .

Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style .

A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .

Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .

A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .

It 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .

The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing .

This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .

You bet .

Sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .

well worth the time .

A wildly funny prison caper .

I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .

The movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .

Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .

... does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .

A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .

The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .

A worthwhile way to spend two hours .

Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .

-LRB- A -RRB- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .

An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .

While surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .

This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family

It takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .

Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .

Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .

My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .

The two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...

Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .

The film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .

If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .

Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .

Unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar , The Grey Zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz .

A potent allegorical love story .

Even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .

Its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .

Full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .

A comic gem with some serious sparkles .

Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .

It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .

Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .

But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .

Like Mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .

Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .

A celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .

Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .

It provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .

Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .

A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .

One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .

Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .

The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .

Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .

So refreshingly incisive is Grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor .

The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .

If your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .

-LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .

... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know .

Like Leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .

All in all , The Count of Monte Cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .

If you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .

Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .

Falls neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun .

The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .

The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .

Sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .

a quiet , pure , elliptical film

Has a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best .

Though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .

It deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .

It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .

A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow .

Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .

The best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .

One of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .

Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy .

This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .

That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller .

This is it .

It inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '

It has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .

It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .

Bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .

This flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .

`` The Ring '' is pretty much an English-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .

Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .

It 's so good that you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake .

And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .

Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .

A full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .

It 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .

Funny but perilously slight .

Ramsay , as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .

CQ 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors .

The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .

As unseemly as its title suggests .

The French are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the Americans , who have a passion for Musketeers , only to spoof them .

The fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural French school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .

Nothing is black and white .

It 's a charming and often affecting journey .

No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .

Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .

Aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .

Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .

should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .

Not a film to rival To Live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .

True tale of courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .

MacDowell , whose wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .

What Time Is It There ?

is not easy .

It haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .

Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .

Unflinchingly bleak and desperate

The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .

A painfully funny ode to bad behavior .

You wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .

It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .

It 's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .

For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .

I have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but I 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe .

A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .

Lovely and poignant .

Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with .

I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .

Displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .

It will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way .

Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .

It 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .

Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .

Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .

This illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .

Good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences .

Liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image .

-LRB- Grant 's -RRB- bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .

Preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .

More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .

An appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .

Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .

The draw -LRB- for `` Big Bad Love '' -RRB- is a solid performance by Arliss Howard .

It gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .

The terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .

Cool ?

If you 're in the mood for a Bollywood film , here 's one for you .

As the two leads , Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .

The sort of film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .

First-time writer-director Serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .

` De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '

Based on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters

An exquisitely crafted and acted tale .

A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .

Blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .

... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .

A good piece of work more often than not .

A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .

Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , `` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .

A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .

A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .

This is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .

An artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .

Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez .

-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '

A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .

I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .

For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .

What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .

Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail

An absurdist spider web .

This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .

Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .

Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .

A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .

The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .

It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .

Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .

Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .

Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .

One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .

Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .

A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .

The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .

The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .

From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .

Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .

Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .

imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor

It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .

Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .

A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .

It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .

An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .

It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .

As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .

The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .

Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .

Cho 's timing is priceless .

a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film

A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .

The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .

Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .

... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...

There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .

What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?

Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .

A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .

Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .

In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .

Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .

Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .

I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .

Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .

A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .

Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .

Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .

A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .

The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .

An impeccable study in perversity .

A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .

I liked this film a lot ...

-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .

Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .

Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .

Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .

The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .

Cusack 's just brilliant in this .

The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .

Paul Bettany is cool .

Cool .

A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .

I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .

-LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .

It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .

Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .

If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .

Poetry in motion captured on film .

While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .

This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .

The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .

The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .

Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .

Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .

The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .

A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .

The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .

Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .

Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .

... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .

A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .

Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .

And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .

The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .

But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .

`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .

Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .

This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .

Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .

A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .

E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .

A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .

Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .

` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .

It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .

Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .

Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .

A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .

A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .

Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .

... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .

An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .

A witty , whimsical feature debut .

A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .

Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .

There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.

Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle

A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .

The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .

In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .

As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .

It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .

A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .

The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .

Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .

It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .

A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .

The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .

Norton holds the film together .

You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .

A creaky staircase gothic .

A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .

Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .

A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .

Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .

Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .

Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .

A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .

It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .

... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .

What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .

Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .

Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .

Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .

Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .

Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .

The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .

The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .

... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?

Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .

I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .

Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .

A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .

Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .

Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .

Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .

Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .

A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .

- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .

Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .

I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .

Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .

Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .

There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .

There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .

One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .

A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .

A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .

Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .

It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .

An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .

Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .

In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .

Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .

It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .

This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .

If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .

The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space

Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '

The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .

Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .

Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .

Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .

Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .

When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .

Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .

A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...

Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .

Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .

The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .

With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .

Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .

Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .

A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .

It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .

Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings

The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .

A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .

Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .

Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .

At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .

A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .

`` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .

Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .

Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .

It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .

Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .

There 's plenty to impress about E.T.

A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .

Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .

Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .

A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .

A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .

-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .

The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .

For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .

If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .

The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .

It 's stylishly directed with verve ...

Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .

Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .

A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .

A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .

Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .

Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .

The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .

Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .

The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .

Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .

A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .

A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .

Slight but enjoyable documentary .

Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .

The heat of the moment prevails .

A riveting story well told .

Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .

A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .

An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .

Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .

The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .

Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .

A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .

An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .

One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .

Insanely hilarious !

I have n't laughed that hard in years !

Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .

While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .

... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .

A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .

It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .

Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .

Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...

Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .

Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .

The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .

We 're drawn in by the dark luster .

A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .

Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .

Ah , what the hell .

Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .

The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .

Something for everyone .

Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .

There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .

Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .

Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .

Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .

Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .

She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .

For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .

The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .

This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .

It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .

Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .

A smart little indie .

Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .

While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .

Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .

A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .

After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .

This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .

A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .

-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .

But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .

Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .

Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .

This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .

Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .

Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .

It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .

Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .

The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .

The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .

If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .

Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .

This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .

I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .

Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .

Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...

Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .

When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .

It is quite a vision .

A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .

Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .

Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .

As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .

An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .

No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .

Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '

It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .

Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .

Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .

A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .

At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .

May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .

It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .

Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .

A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .

That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...

She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .

A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .

Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .

Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .

The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .

This movie is to be cherished .

This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .

It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .

This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .

Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .

The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.

Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .

Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .

Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .

But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .

The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .

As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .

It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .

What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .

An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .

Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .

... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .

A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .

Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .

Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .

The film is a fierce dance of destruction .

May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .

You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .

Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .

Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer

It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .

While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .

Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .

-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .

The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .

A flawed but engrossing thriller .

This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .

One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .

My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .

The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .

It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .

It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .

Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .

Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .

A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .

Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .

Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .

An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .

With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .

Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .

has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .

A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .

If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .

The Ring never lets you off the hook .

It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .

It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .

Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .

Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .

This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .

One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .

While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .

Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .

With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .

Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .

-LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .

-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...

It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .

Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .

Films are made of little moments .

Changing Lanes tries for more .

Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .

A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .

-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .

Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .

The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .

10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .

As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .

With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .

The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .

A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .

The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .

A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .

Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .

Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .

I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .

Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .

If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .

Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !

Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .

Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .

This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .

The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .

A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .

... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .

A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .

With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .

Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .

The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .

A smart , compelling drama .

It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .

Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .

As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .

Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .

If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .

An original little film about one young woman 's education .

The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .

And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .

Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...

Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .

Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .

Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .

Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .

While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .

This is SO De Palma .

If you love him , you 'll like it .

If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .

Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .

The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .

Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .

The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .

Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .

A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .

You could hate it for the same reason .

Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .

Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .

If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...

Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .

Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .

Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .

This is one of the year 's best films .

There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .

There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .

I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .

A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .

Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .

Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .

Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .

The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .

Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .

So could young romantics out on a date .

All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .

While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .

Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .

Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .

A charming but slight comedy .

Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect

Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .

A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .

The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .

It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .

The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .

It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?

Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .

Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .

It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .

To the degree that ivans xtc .

Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .

cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .

Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .

A dazzling dream of a documentary .

A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .

The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .

If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .

The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .

Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .

There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .

` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '

Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .

Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...

What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .

Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .

Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .

Is truth stranger than fiction ?

In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .

-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .

Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .

Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .

Hardly a film that comes along every day .

A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .

The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .

A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .

More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .

For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .

If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .

It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .

Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .

We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .

Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .

The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .

An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .

A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''

I love the robust middle of this picture .

An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .

Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .

The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .

Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '

... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '

A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .

Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .

A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .

If only it had the story to match .

For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .

What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .

Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .

Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .

A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .

I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .

How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .

Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .

Leigh makes these lives count .

And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .

Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .

-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .

The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .

Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .

When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .

What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?

What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .

The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .

Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .

Pipe Dream does have its charms .

The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .

... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .

This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .

Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .

In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .

The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .

A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .

Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .

It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .

While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .

The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .

It trusts the story it sets out to tell .

I could n't recommend this film more .

As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .

An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .

Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .

... an interesting slice of history .

Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .

Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .

What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .

Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?

-LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .

Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .

A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .

A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .

Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .

This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .

This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .

The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .

The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .

The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .

They just do n't work in concert .

Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .

The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .

Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .

A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .

Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .

Noyce has worked wonders with the material .

It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .

A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .

A weird and wonderful comedy .

The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .

Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .

I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again

The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .

This is pure , exciting moviemaking .

The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .

Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .

and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .

Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .

A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '

A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .

Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .

In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .

It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .

A moving and important film .

Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .

Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .

It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .

A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .

`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .

Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .

Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press

Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .

Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .

There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .

What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .

Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .

It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .

The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .

Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .

... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .

Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .

Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .

-LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .

Great dragons !

I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .

It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .

The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .

Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .

Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .

Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .

It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .

The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .

Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .

More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .

Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .

Except it 's much , much better .

Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .

Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .

The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .

While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .

A very charming and funny movie .

Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .

The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .

This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .

It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .

Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .

Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .

What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .

A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .

The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .

But the actors make this worth a peek .

If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .

Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .

Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .

A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .

Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .

What it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .

It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .

It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !

Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .

Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '

A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .

The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .

One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .

Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .

Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .

It 's definitely a step in the right direction .

As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .

Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .

A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .

Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .

The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .

Merci pour le movie .

For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .

What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .

All three women deliver remarkable performances .

It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .

Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .

Daring and beautifully made .

Both lead performances are Oscar-size .

Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .

A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .

Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .

Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .

As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .

The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .

Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .

Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .

The formula is familiar but enjoyable .

World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .

There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .

There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is

An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .

An enjoyable above average summer diversion .

There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .

If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .

As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .

Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .

Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .

Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .

Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .

Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .

Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .

Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .

His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .

Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .

In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .

Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .

If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .

This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .

Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .

Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .

About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .

-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .

There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .

Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .

Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .

It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .

Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .

This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '

It will break your heart many times over .

A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .

Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .

`` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .

Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .

Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .

The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .

Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .

Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .

`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .

If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .

The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .

Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .

Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .

A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .

Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .

Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .

It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .

A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .

A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .

The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .

Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .

Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .

Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .

At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .

... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .

The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .

At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .

Gloriously straight from the vagina .

Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .

while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .

Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .

Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .

A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .

Just like Igby .

Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .

Wise and deadpan humorous .

Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .

Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .

Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .

Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .

Nothing too deep or substantial .

Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .

... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .

Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .

Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-

, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .

The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .

Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .

For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .

Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .

What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .

But it 's worth the concentration .

... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...

The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases

Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .

You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .

An ambitious and moving but bleak film .

It 's sweet .

It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .

Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .

Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .

Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .

A lot smarter than your average Bond .

So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .

I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .

Not to mention absolutely refreshed .

A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .

It 's worth taking the kids to .

Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .

It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .

Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .

The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .

Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .

A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .

The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .

Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .

Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .

Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .

You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .

-LRB- Cuarón has -RRB- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .

Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .

With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .

A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .

As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .

-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .

It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .

The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .

A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .

Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .

Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .

Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .

... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .

Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .

Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .

Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .

Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .

Vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .

Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .

Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .

`` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .

When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .

Both damning and damned compelling .

Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .

The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .

Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .

Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .

Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .

One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...

You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .

Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .

The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .

If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .

... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .

It 's about time .

-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .

A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .

Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .

Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .

A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .

It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .

Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .

Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .

-LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .

A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .

About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .

An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .

A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .

An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .

Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .

Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .

This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .

The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .

Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .

It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .

You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .

Or both .

Sure , I hated myself in the morning .

But then again , I hate myself most mornings .

I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .

A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .

The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .

Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...

Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .

It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .

A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .

Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .

This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .

Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .

As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .

Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .

The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''

What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery

There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .

A small gem from Belgium .

Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .

It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .

A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .

My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .

A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .

Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .

But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .

But something seems to be missing .

A sense of real magic , perhaps .

Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?

If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .

The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .

Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .

Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .

This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .

Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .

A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .

Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .

Even more baffling is that it 's funny .

In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .

Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .

Their work is fantastic .

Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .

Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .

Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .

Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .

Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .

Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .

As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .

Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .

A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .

If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .

An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .

It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .

If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .

You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .

As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .

unpretentious , charming , quirky , original

Manages to delight without much of a story .

There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .

An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .

Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .

waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .

If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .

Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .

The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .

Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .

It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .

Another Best of the Year selection .

The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .

It 's a very valuable film ...

Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .

With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...

You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .

Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .

-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .

Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .

Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .

A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .

It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .

Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .

An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .

One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .

A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .

What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .

This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential

It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .

Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .

Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .

Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .

It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .

-LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .

There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid

The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .

When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '

An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .

An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .

The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .

Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .

If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .

Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .

Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .

The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .

Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .

Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-

is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .

Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .

Beware the quirky Brit-com .

The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .

Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .

The movie is a mess from start to finish .

The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .

Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .

Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .

I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .

Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .

If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .

Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .

it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding

At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .

This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .

With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .

This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .

Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .

Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .

Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .

A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .

A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .

Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .

-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .

Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .

Gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .

The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .

The results are far more alienating than involving .

Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .

A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .

` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '

Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .

The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .

Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .

At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .

Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .

This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .

All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .

An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .

To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .

With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .

Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .

Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .

Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .

The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .

The Pool drowned me in boredom .

It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .

It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .

Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .

Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .

It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !

This is an interesting movie ! ''

It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .

A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .

While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .

Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?

It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .

... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .

This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .

This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .

A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .

There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .

This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .

This is amusing for about three minutes .

Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .

It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .

It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .

They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .

This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .

Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .

Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !

It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .

... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .

The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .

What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .

In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .

Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .

Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .

And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .

If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !

Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .

It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .

You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .

The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .

An infuriating film .

As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .

Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .

It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .

I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...

Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .

Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .

Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .

To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .

The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .

An extremely unpleasant film .

A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .

If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .

Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .

Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .

77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .

LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .

Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .

A film that loses sight of its own story .

Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .

Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .

The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .

... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .

Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .

Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .

Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .

All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .

It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .

Alternately frustrating and rewarding .

It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .

Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .

Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .

But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .

It 's still terrible !

Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .

... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .

Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .

Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .

... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .

Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .

The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .

What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .

Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .

There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .

Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .

Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .

Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .

It does n't work as either .

Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .

eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .

Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .

The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .

However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .

A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .

Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .

Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .

I like it .

Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .

They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .

It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .

Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .

A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .

No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .

Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .

Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .

Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .

If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .

Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .

Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '

Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .

Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .

... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .

With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?

Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .

Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .

In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '

A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .

Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?

Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .

Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .

Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .

As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .

The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .

We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .

Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .

Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .

Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .

Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .

All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .

The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...

This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .

A bit too eager to please .

You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .

Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .

`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''

Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .

One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .

` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '

Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .

The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .

The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .

Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .

The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .

It 's just not very smart .

Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .

Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .

A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .

Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .

works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making

Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .

4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .

Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .

Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .

Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .

I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .

Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .

Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .

Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .

One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .

The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .

Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .

Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .

To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !

As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '

The filmmakers might want to look it up .

A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .

What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .

An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .

Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .

Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .

It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .

Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .

A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .

Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .

The film has a childlike quality about it .

The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .

Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .

Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .

An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .

A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .

Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .

Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .

Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .

All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .

Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .

There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .

At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .

Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''

Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway

If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .

If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .

Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .

By that measure , it is a failure .

Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .

You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .

Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .

Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .

The film is flat .

The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .

It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .

The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .

Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable

Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .

Not once does it come close to being exciting .

A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .

It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .

The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .

Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .

So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .

Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .

Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .

An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .

A film that suffers because of its many excesses .

There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .

Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .

A moving picture that does not move .

Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !

A cartoon ?

Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?

Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .

The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .

The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .

Average , at best , I 'm afraid .

Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .

The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''

Worthy of the gong .

It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .

Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .

Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .

There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .

The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .

Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .

A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .

Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .

By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .

Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !

Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '

... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .

Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...

It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .

Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .

An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .

Horrible .

The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .

Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .

An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .

It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .

The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .

Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .

It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .

... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''

ending .

It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .

So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .

It 's Splash without the jokes .

Shallow , noisy and pretentious .

Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .

Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .

It 's better than The Phantom Menace .

Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .

Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .

A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .

Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .

Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .

It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .

Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .

Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .

Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .

Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .

With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .

While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .

Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .

This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .

The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .

This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .

The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .

Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .

... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .

After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .

As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .

Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .

One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .

But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .

... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .

It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .

This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .

Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .

... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .

The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .

A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .

A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .

Includes too much obvious padding .

Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .

The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .

The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .

Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .

A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .

Who are ` they ' ?

They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''

Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .

Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '

The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .

I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .

It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .

Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .

Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .

Video games are more involving than this mess .

Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .

A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .

... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .

Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .

A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .

The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .

Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .

Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .

Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .

In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .

You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .

Thumbs down .

Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?

The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .

Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .

Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .

It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .

The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .

Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .

A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .

It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .

Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-

There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .

Where 's the movie here ?

A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .

Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .

Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .

Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .

It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .

Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .

I am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .

No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .

His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .

Christina Ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .

They should have called it Gutterball .

Thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .

It 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .

Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .

It believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .

Villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst -LRB- there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows -RRB- .

I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .

Van Wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like Tomcats , Freddy Got Fingered , and Slackers .

The piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .

Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks .

The plot combines The Blues Brothers and Almost Famous -LRB- but with bears , and a G rating -RRB- , with an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .

No way I can believe this load of junk .

It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .

But is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?

Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .

It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .

This movie is maddening .

It conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .

... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .

It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and Shiner , starring Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .

A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .

This movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .

Excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .

A working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .

We have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !

when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .

Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .

So much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .

The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .

The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .

Over age 15 ?

In the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .

Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .

Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .

Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .

If it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .

Simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .

They takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .

Barely gets off the ground .

Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , Miller 's hand often feels unsure .

From the opening scenes , it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .

Do not see this film .

Delivers the same old same old , tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .

If only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .

Harland Williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .

It 's not that Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation .

A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .

What was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .

Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .

Tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .

Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .

That 's a cheat .

Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .

This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .

An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer\/director John McKay can swallow .

It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .

It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .

A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .

It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` Can This Marriage Be Saved ? ''

columns from Ladies Home Journal ...

Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .

An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .

There can be no other explanation .

Pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .

-LRB- director -RRB- O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .

Miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .

Comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of The Bicycle Thief .

Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .

Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .

If you 're a WWF fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in A.I. , you 'll probably like Rollerball .

I do n't think I laughed out loud once .

And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .

... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .

The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .

His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .

Intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .

A workshop mentality prevails .

Pumpkin wants to have it both ways .

-LRB- W -RRB- hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , Jane Goodall 's Wild Chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .

Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .

The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .

As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game , I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .

This is her Blue Lagoon .

Burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .

The so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing -LRB- featuring the voices of Glenn Close , Regis Philbin and Breckin Meyer -RRB- brings back memories of cheesy old Godzilla flicks .

... the movie is just a plain old monster .

Fancy a real downer ?

Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .

Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .

Weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger .

Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .

Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .

Exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .

The problem with this film is that it lacks focus .

I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .

Better to just call it ABC Kiarostami .

This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .

As vulgar as it is banal .

You wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .

The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .

A wildly inconsistent emotional experience .

Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your DVD player will do it for you .

There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .

... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .

Nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .

just not campy enough

Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .

The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .

For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .

And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .

So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises

Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .

The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .

Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .

Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .

Manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .

Whereas last year 's exemplary Sexy Beast seemed to revitalize the British gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .

Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .

I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .

The tale of Tok -LRB- Andy Lau -RRB- , a sleek sociopath on the trail of O -LRB- Takashi Sorimachi -RRB- , the most legendary of Asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .

A cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of -LRB- Besson 's -RRB- earlier work .

This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .

It 's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .

But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?

Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation .

The overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .

A fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star , Frankie Muniz .

The actors are appealing , but Elysian Fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .

As ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .

With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , Soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .

Denis O'Neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .

The character of ZigZag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .

One of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .

Serving Sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .

The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .

With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .

Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .

Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort

Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn , neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .

Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .

It takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .

The story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .

Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .

The movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .

It showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .

Bad .

Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .

Long Time Dead ?

Not nearly long enough .

Nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .

A solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .

Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite , Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife\/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .

It offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .

I 'm just too bored to care .

Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .

As befits its title , this PG-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear .

Attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .

It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .

Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .

Scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .

A beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .

Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?

This is so bad .

Even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .

The film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .

The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .

Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '

Or emptying rat traps .

Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .

The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .

it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so

It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .

Sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn .

Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .

The story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured -LRB- and torturing -RRB- artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .

So I just did .

Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .

The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .

For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .

Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .

Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .

Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .

The ending is a cop-out .

What happens to John Q ?

Has the feel of an unedited personal journal .

Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ?

This charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated .

You can practically smell the patchouli oil .

To say Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .

The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .

An often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach

This film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .

There is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life -- only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .

The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .

Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : Young is cool , and too young is too cool .

Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .

Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .

The worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors

The production values are up there .

Ethan Hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation and it 's all over his Chelsea Walls .

While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .

If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .

A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .

Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .

Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .

To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .

He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .

A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .

The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .

Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .

A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .

The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .

... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .

Nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .

It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .

Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .

The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .

I hated every minute of it .

Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !

The sad thing about Knockaround Guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .

Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .

But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .

Egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .

It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .

The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .

I 've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .

De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .

Even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .

That is essentially what 's missing from Blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .

A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .

Little more than a frothy vanity project .

IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .

A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .

... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .

... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .

... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .

It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .

It 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and ... well , it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .

Largely a for-fans artifact .

Characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .

There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .

-LRB- I -RRB- f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .

First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .

A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .

-LRB- Director -RRB- Byler may yet have a great movie in him , but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one .

That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .

The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .

It tells more than it shows .

Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them .

Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .

Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .

Godawful boring slug of a movie .

Dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .

Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .

... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .

Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .

For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .

Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .

Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .

Divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .

If you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .

Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .

The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .

Scotland , PA. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .

It tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .

The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .

It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .

I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .

A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .

Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .

... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .

Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco 's last album ?

All Ms. Jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .

Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty .

Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .

This is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .

So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .

Enduring love but exhausting cinema .

A very bad sign .

Almost everything else is wan .

Undercover Brother does n't go far enough .

It 's just a silly black genre spoof .

The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .

Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring .

You 've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .

Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .

Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .

A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking .

The movie bounces all over the map .

But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie .

It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .

Not always too whimsical for its own good -LRB- but enough to do harm -RRB- , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .

`` Juwanna Mann ? ''

No thanks .

Sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .

There 's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant .

Extremely confusing .

For a shoot - 'em - up , Ballistic is oddly lifeless .

What happened with Pluto Nash ?

How did it ever get made ?

How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?

Everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .

With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .

The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .

It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .

It 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .

This film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .

Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .

As -LRB- the characters -RRB- get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .

The acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected .

Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .

This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .

-LRB- Plays -RRB- in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .

The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .

Nothing more than a mediocre trifle .

A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .

Sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .

Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .

... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .

A bravura exercise in emptiness .

This movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .

A real clunker .

A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .

A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .

Good for a few unintentional laughs , `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .

... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .

A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .

As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .

Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .

The only thing in Pauline and Paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized Oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .

If you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .

What kids will discover is a new collectible .

Beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ... -LRB- but -RRB- the script goes wrong at several key junctures .

There 's a disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone to The Other Side of Heaven that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion .

When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .

But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .

If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .

The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .

Any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .

The director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship -LRB- most notably wretched sound design -RRB- .

About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .

Too simple for its own good .

Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .

A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .

The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .

All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .

A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .

Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .

Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .

The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .

The movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .

The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge .

This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .

I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .

The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .

At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .

Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .

The parts are better than the whole -LRB- bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York -RRB- .

Feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network .

Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun .

Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves

If this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap -LRB- literally -RRB- .

So faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .

Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .

There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .

Haneke keeps us at arm 's length .

All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .

Now it 's just tired .

Heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .

Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate .

With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .

So lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .

Or a profit .

But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .

Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .

Director Brian Levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle .

... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .

Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .

Truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .

Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .

Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .

Say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .

After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna .

If I Spy were funny -LRB- enough -RRB- or exciting -LRB- enough -RRB- then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .

Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .

Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .

Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .

A very average science fiction film .

The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .

The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .

A whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .

Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .

Preposterous and tedious , Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .

None of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .

But director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick -LRB- remember Cabin Boy ? -RRB-

At times , however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .

The new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .

Most of the action setups are incoherent .

The problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .

Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .

The film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future Quentin Tarantino picture

I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .

Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .

Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .

Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .

I loved looking at this movie .

Has all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act .

It does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .

fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .

A gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .

A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .

It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .

The film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .

The element of surprise might be the only thing Femme Fatale has going for it .

It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .

Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .

Just like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .

To enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .

This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .

Ecks this one off your must-see list .

Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way .

It 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .

All in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .

Beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .

The film 's center will not hold .

Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .

Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .

As an actor , The Rock is aptly named .

A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .

You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .

George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .

... too dull to enjoy .

A morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense .

Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .

A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .

Admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .

But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .

The rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense De Palma creates .

Barely goes beyond comic book status .

Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived .

It 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .

A movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .

Leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .

Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .

Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .

The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .

... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .

Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .

The film is surprisingly well-directed by Brett Ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .

Warmed-over Tarantino by way of wannabe Elmore Leonard .

-LRB- Sen 's -RRB- soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .

There are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv .

There 's not enough to sustain the comedy .

Like those to Rome , all roads in The Banger Sisters inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .

We may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the Balkans conflict .

Chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .

I weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .

I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .

No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .

The movie makes absolutely no sense .

Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?

Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .

The journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .

The Gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .

Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .

A TV episode inflated past its natural length .

Involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .

There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .

The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .

The story ... is moldy and obvious .

It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .

Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .

Punish the vehicle to adore the star .

Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .

Big Fat Liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .

A mild , reluctant , thumbs down .

Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .

An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .

Sheridan ... smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .

` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide .

What begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy .

Birot 's directorial debut -LRB- she co-wrote the script with Christophe Honoré -RRB- is n't so much bad as it is bland .

Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series .

If this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .

A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .

Like a documentary version of Fight Club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .

While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .

... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .

The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... Alas , Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the Snowman -LRB- who never gets to play that flute -RRB- has all the charm of a meltdown .

The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .

It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .

Fails to bring as much to the table .

A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .

Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .

If you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .

I hate this movie

It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .

Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .

... pitiful , slapdash disaster .

There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .

Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .

A selection of scenes in search of a movie .

-LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .

Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .

As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .

While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .

A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .

It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death

I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '

Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .

I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .

This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '

than ` Magnifique ' .

is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .

Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .

It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '

Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''

The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .

Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .

The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .

Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .

The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .

This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater

Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .

When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .

It never rises to its clever what-if concept .

Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .

The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .

I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .

Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .

The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .

A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .

Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .

An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .

There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .

A wordy wisp of a comedy .

Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .

It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .

SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .

After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .

There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .

One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .

A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .

Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .

A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .

Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '

Make like the title and dodge this one .

It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .

Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .

Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .

Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?

It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .

Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .

Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .

It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .

That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .

Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .

A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .

Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .

An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .

Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .

No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .

They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .

Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .

There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .

Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .

Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .

The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .

This is not a Jackie Chan movie .

It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .

What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?

Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .

Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .

Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .

Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .

The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .

The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .

It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .

It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .

Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .

The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .

An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .

One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .

Make no mistake , ivans xtc .

The concept is a hoot .

It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .

A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .

But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .

The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .

Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .

While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .

A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .

Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .

Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .

Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .

A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .

How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?

Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .

This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .

The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .

With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .

Are monsters born , or made ?

The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .

Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .

The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .

This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .

A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .

Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .

Collapses under its own meager weight .

This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .

If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .

Technically and artistically inept .

A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .

Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .

Death might be a release .

`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .

No , even that 's too committed .

He gets his secretary to fax it . ''

Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .

Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .

The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .

Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .

The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .

Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .

You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .

It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .

The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '

`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .

Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .

The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .

This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .

Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .

Really dumb but occasionally really funny .

It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .

It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .

Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .

-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .

Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .

Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...

It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .

Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .

Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .

Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .

A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .

A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .

If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .

This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '

Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .

All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .

A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .

The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .

Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .

At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .

Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .

An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .

Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .

The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .

the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale

If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .

If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .

With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .

Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .

Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '

You 'll cry for your money back .

So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .

Ken Russell would love this .

In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .

Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .

Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .

The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .

What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !

Opera on film is never satisfactory .

Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .

It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill

The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .

as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .

A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .

What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .

The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .

Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .

It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .

This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .

If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .

Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .

An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .

If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .

It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .

It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .

The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .

Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .

The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .

Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .

-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .

The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .

It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .

Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .

Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .

Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .

The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .

Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .

Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .

... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .

In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .

Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .

Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .

-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .

In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .

It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .

So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .

The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .

Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .

Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .

Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .

A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .

It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .

`` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .

By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .

It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .

made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .

But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .

With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .

Does n't really add up to much .

This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .

It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .

The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''

tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''

Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .

A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .

Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .

Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .

Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .

It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .

It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .

Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .

It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .

Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .

But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .

Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .

It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .

I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .

Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .

Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .

No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .

The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '

Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .

It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .

It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .

It 's just merely very bad .

Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .

The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .

Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .

Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .

If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .

Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .

Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .

A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .

Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .

Not bad , but not all that good .

Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .

What 's next ?

Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?

David Spade as Citizen Kane ?

Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .

The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .

Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .

Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .

A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .

The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .

... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .

A little objectivity could have gone a long way .

I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .

McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .

High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .

The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .

Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .

The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .

I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .

Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .

Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .

-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .

Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .

If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .

Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .

It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .

Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .

The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .

Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .

Every joke is repeated at least four times .

Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .

The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .

Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .

-LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .

An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .

Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .

Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .

More a gunfest than a Rock concert .

A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .

Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .

For free .

I still want my money back .

... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .

Strictly middle of the road .

Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .

After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .

No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .

Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .

In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .

Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .

McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .

Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .

New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...

Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .

Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .

Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .

For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?

Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .

An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .

For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .

-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .

There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .

The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .

This is just lazy writing .

It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .

Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .

Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .

Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .

I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .

But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort

Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .

Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .

Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .

The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .

A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .

With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .

What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .

It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .

As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .

The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .

Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .

If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .

This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .

Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .

Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .

Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .

Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .

Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations

The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .

Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .

I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .

This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .

Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .

Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .

It did n't go straight to video .

Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .

The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .

About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .

An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .

We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .

Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .

Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .

Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .

The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .

So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .

This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .

Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .

The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .

Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .

Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .

Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .

Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .

Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .

Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .

There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .

When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best

... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...

Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .

A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .

It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .

A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .

As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?

There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .

Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .

At times , it actually hurts to watch .

Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .

-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .

I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .

There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .

A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .

Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .

So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .

A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .

Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .

It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .

The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .

Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .

Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .

Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .

This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .

Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .

Get out your pooper-scoopers .

Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .

Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .

While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB- , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .

It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .

Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .

It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .

A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .

All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .

Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .

There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .

A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .

Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .

A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .

Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .

A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .

Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .

A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .

Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .

But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .

Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .

It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .

Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil

What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .

The movie is without intent .

You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .

The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?

The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .

I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .

It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .

The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .

Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .

A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .

This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .

Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !

In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .

For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .

Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !

Alas , another breathless movie about same !

No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .

`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''

Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .

The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .

It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .

A great script brought down by lousy direction .

Big mistake .

A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .

Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .

In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .

The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .

An encouraging effort from McCrudden

The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .

If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .

To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...

This u-boat does n't have a captain .

With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .

I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .

It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .

The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .

even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .

Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .

Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .

The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?

Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .

directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name

The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .

While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .

Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .

Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .

The film is all over the place , really .

The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .

While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter

It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .

And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .

The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .

It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .

Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .

... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .

Wait to see it then .

This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .

Over and over again .

The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .

Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .

Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .

It 's not an easy one to review .

Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .

But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .

Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .

Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .

Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .

Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .

You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .

Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?

A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .

More trifle than triumph .

Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .

It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .

Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .

... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .

-LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .

No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .

This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .

Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .

Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?

When the twist endings were actually surprising ?

Where the film falters is in its tone .

The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .

It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .

Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .

This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .

Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?

` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .

It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .

The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .

Competently directed but terminally cute drama .

The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .

A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .

The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .

Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .

No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .

The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?

The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .

... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .

A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .

The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .

More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine

But it does n't need Gangs of New York .

Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .

We do n't even like their characters .

Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .

The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .

It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .

This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head

Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .

It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .

A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .

Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''

an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''

- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .

The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .

A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .

Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .

A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .

Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .

Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .

The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .

Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .

The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .

In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .

The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .

You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .

Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .

If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .

We get the comedy we settle for .

The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .

Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .

is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .

Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .

The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .

Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .

... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .

In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .

Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .

his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .

It 's a masterpiece .

By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .

Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .

` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '

The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .

As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .

Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '

The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...

I survived .

The worst film of the year .

Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .

A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .

The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .

If only it were , well , funnier .

One of the worst movies of the year .

Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .

Polished , well-structured film .

Sexy and romantic .

Psychologically savvy .

delightfully rendered

Fun and nimble .

Serious and thoughtful .

Smart and taut .

Highly watchable stuff .

Psychologically revealing .

A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .

... wise and elegiac ...

Spare yet audacious ...

Surprisingly insightful

Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .

Refreshing .

Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .

Poignant and funny .

See it .

Debate it .

Morvern rocks .

Deliciously slow .

A riveting documentary .

Moving and vibrant .

Harmless fun .

Good-naturedly cornball sequel .

Oddly compelling .

Weird .

Rewarding .

Sleek and arty .

A funny film .

-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .

Poetic , heartbreaking .

Formuliac , but fun .

`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .

Quietly engaging .

Dense , exhilarating documentary .

Truly terrible .

Amazingly dopey .

Banal and predictable .

Brisk hack job .

Obvious .

Punitively affirmational parable .

Decent but dull .

Well-meant but unoriginal .

Odd and weird .

Cinematic poo .

... stale and uninspired .

A dreary movie .

Pompous and garbled .

Utter mush ... conceited pap .

Well-meaning but inert .

... overly melodramatic ...

Extremely bad .

Shrewd but pointless .

Sluggish , tonally uneven .

Generic thriller junk .

Teens only .

What an embarrassment .

Eh .

Tends to plod .

Barely .

Staggeringly dreadful romance .

No surprises .

